Q1-2025 community board blog post (#2314)
writethedocs/www: docs/blog/2025-Q1-community-board.rst

    The most affected space for us this year was our meetup network. In the past, we would hear from local organizers that they're overloaded with companies looking to hire employee and with professional experts seeking to share their knowledge with their peers. However, throughout the past year we've heard that many meetups have seen not only a decline in those offerings but also a rise in people looking for work or training, but the "networking fatigue" effect has been increasingly felt among attendees and organizers. We've heard similar sentiments from our friends at developer meetup communities, so this is an unfortunate broader trend.

    Our meetups team will be checking out possible activities or initiatives that we could launch to help our community members find their next passion and boost their motivation to keep learning and developing. As a community that prides itself on knowledge-sharing, we would love to get the community's input on makes you excited about the future of documentation, where you'd like to see yourself in it, and what can our community spaces and events offer to support you on your journey. 

**Virtual conferences are changing** 

>     The other areas that we're going to be scoping for possible changes are the virtual conference format and timing. Although the Atlantic virtual conference was successful, we still feel that it could be further tweaked to appeal to more time zones. Also, the Australia in-person conference was smaller than expected due to the economic situation in the region, so the teams are going to put their heads together and investigate options for creating one or more virtual events that would allow us to merge some of the infrastructure and content without losing the attendee experience of a real-time virtual gathering. 

Author: ```suggestion
    The other areas that we're going to be scoping for possible changes are the virtual conference format and timing. Although the Atlantic virtual conference was successful, we still feel that it could be further tweaked to appeal to more time zones. Also, the Australia in-person conference was smaller than expected due to the economic situation in the region, so the teams are going to put their heads together and investigate options for creating one or more virtual events that would allow us to reuse some of the infrastructure and content without losing the attendee experience of a real-time virtual gathering. 
```

    We're still aiming to hold these events in the autumn or early winter, and we're still keeping accessibility at the top of our priority list. Our organizing teams for both conferences are already hard at work brainstorming ideas, and we'll be sharing more news in the coming weeks. 

**The community is changing**

>     While many of the changes in the world have been felt to a certain extent in our community, we're fortunate to still have a strong foundation in our community members, volunteers, staff, and sponsors. We w0ould like to once again express our gratitude to all of our conferences, meetup, Slack, and infrastructure teams for their dedication to the community, and do our documentarians - we appreciate your enthusiasm and flexibility as we continue to experiment and improve our events and resources. 

Reviewer: Small typos

```suggestion
    While many of the changes in the world have been felt to a certain extent in our community, we're fortunate to still have a strong foundation in our community members, volunteers, staff, and sponsors. We would like to once again express our gratitude to all of our conferences, meetup, Slack, and infrastructure teams for their dedication to the community, and to our documentarians - we appreciate your enthusiasm and flexibility as we continue to experiment and improve our events and resources. 
```
